LOG

Who was Joseph Kent Spell.  

He was a man born 12/4/

He liked to mess with people and push their buttons

he was stubborn and steadfast 

He was is a Spell that was cast upon the world, but a Spell that cast many other Spells amongst this life. 

Those Spells he cast into this life are Joseph, Nakesha, Kristy, Barbara, Paige, Joanna, and Jasmine.

He lived life for many years on a boat steering and turning against the waves he wrote his life as it came never looking to blame, he was looking for peace at every angle trying unweave the unfairness life entangled.  

When  you step back to see the brushstrokes of his life you'll see a masterpiece was planned all his life.

He will be missed and you will all pass the uneasy less than blissful time 

he lives on, in your hearts, in your minds, in the memories for all of time 

 

Take those times and remember how fast he would not have been him and less Joe beefing with Kent his dad.  It was like a game they went back in forth but all the time they had each others back and would never miss.  their hearts were tied through thick and thin even though the rough waters some times would not let them swim side by side.  

when you think of a moment that was special and dear no you sat on his knee at one time dear.  He smiled at you as you all smiled at him he wont go forgotten for that would be the sin.  Remember the times you ran and play Nakesha remember when he chased little jayjay.  

Kristy his baby he smiled so hard.  He loved you so without a doubt.  He found that you were his special girl, as you will always be one of daddy's girls.  He moved you in and moved you out watching you slowly sprout.  Into a family into a woman that stands firm as he did everyday 

With barabara you twinkled in his eye even though he gave you a hard time.  He would not be him if he had not given you those times of growing through distraught.  He loved you still and missed you more than he would have admitted you shone to him never forget thats true

Paige you are one of a kind, it made him smile seeing you begin to fly.  Though his words were harsh and his temper seemed cold all underneath were lessons from old.  He found through you that all can change smile for him Don't let anyone pull the strings 

For Joanna we know you miss all those little moments of not so long ago bliss.  He found in you what he missed him honorary and steadfast he taught you to win.  Not with money but with light he brightened you through the strife. He loves you still and looks down from above or maybe up from below who can be sure we do not know 

His baby girl and will always be was jasmine at the end of his offsprings tree.  You made him smile, you made him cry though he wouldnt let you see him because of pride.   He held you close you are his baby smile for him your daddy loves thee

what we know, is his heart never waivered from the Spells, his children, he cast on this nation 

His spirit lives in all of you now its your story to tell, where you came from and how.  Live how he would have wanted you to be.  Let him light your hearts forever to sea.  

He will be mourned he will be missed.  He hurts no more that is simply bliss.  Though our hearts are hurt , but we make it somehow.  Let him strengthen you for tomorrow, forever, and now. 



